[narr] The finals
of the elimination phase
to represent
Shizuoka Prefecture
finally got started.
And the opponent
surprised Tsubasa
and the rest with
their new star player:
Shun Nitta,
who decided to challenge
Nankatsu's captain
to demonstrate
his prowess on the field.
However,
Tsubasa is not intimidated.
And he fights him
head on
with all his strength,
managing to overpower
Nitta and hurt his pride.
Now being free to act,
Tsubasa shoots
his first shot,
but is stopped by
Otomo's goalkeeper, Ichijyo.
By the looks of things,
Nankatsu will be the one
to lose the match.
[narr] Jito and Sano from
the Nagasaki Prefecture,
just like Mr. Katagiri
from the Japanese
Soccer Association,
thought that Nankatsu
had little to no chance
of winning.
Nitta runs with the ball
to counterattack
and uses his famous
Falcon Shot.
Take this!
My Falcon Shot!
[falcon screech]
[narr] By some miracle,
the ball misses,
but Nitta's last
Falcon Shot
makes Tsubasa
play seriously
in order to help out
his team.
Now it's my turn to shoot.
We will be the winners.
[narr]
With a beautiful volley,
Team Nankatsu goes into
half time with the lead.
We'll see what happens
in the frenetic second half
of the grand finals.
[Furuoya]
Great work out there.
You guys played well!
Hey, um, coach,
what's that you got?
The team manager made this
for all of you guys.
Take some.
[Ryo] Awesome.
It looks really yummy.
-I want some.
-[chuckles]
[eating]
Are you guys ready
for the second half?
-Yeah!
[Isamu]
I'm sorry, everyone.
I wasn't able to stop
Tsubasa's shot.
Relax, man, it wasn't
only your fault, you know.
-Huh?
-It was all our faults
that Tsubasa got near
the goal to begin with.
No!
I haven't been able to
score a goal!
[Hanji]
Take a breather, Nitta.
Humph.
I'm sure that they'll
continue to use
the same strategy.
-Hmm...
-[Hanji] Don't you worry
about defending.
We will be in charge of
defending our territory
with all we've got.
You concentrate on scoring.
We're counting on you.
Oh! Uh...
Yeah.
[Shun] Now that I'm playing
with him...
it's hard to believe
I can't go up against him
by myself.
What will I do?
I shouldn't doubt myself.
[grunt]
-[whistle]
-[narr] Episode 31:
The Falcon vs. Tsubasa.
[ann] And the second half
of the match is on its way.
[Shun]
I have to score a goal.
-Come on now!
-We can't let them score
another goal on us.
We have to steal the ball
from them.
-Yeah!
What a nuisance.
[ann] Can Team Otomo
tie the scoreboard?
Now Nitta runs towards
the goalkeeper,
but Nankatsu's captain
chases him,
and is closing in
rapidly.
Nitta!
I'm coming for you.
[ann] Nankatsu's captain
attempts to cover Nitta
so he can't find
an opening to shoot.
[grunt]
Damn you, Tsubasa.
You won't be able to
stop us.
Nitta!
At this speed,
he won't be able to
cover me that easily.
[gasp]
I have to connect the shot
at the precise moment
it lands.
[gasp]
[ann] And Otomo's
number 9
attempts to shoot
the volley midair,
but unfortunately,
doesn't reach the ball
in time to kick it well.
And now,
it's out of bounds!
-Nitta!
-Nitta...
Play like you mean it!
Stop trying to be Tsubasa!
Stop trying already!
Accept it,
you can beat Nankatsu!
You're not him!
Yeah, I know that.
I know I don't stand
a chance against him.
Even then...
I have to...
shoot the moment it lands,
so he doesn't take the ball.
Guys, what do you think is
wrong with Nitta?
Why's he set on trying to
score that way?
I don't get it.
I don't know.
It doesn't matter.
We have to trust in him
and pass him the ball.
I know that he can score.
[ann] Taki from Nankatsu
throws in the ball.
-Here!
-[grunts]
-Kenichi!
-[grunt]
-No, it's mine.
-What? This can't be.
-[grunt]
-[ann] And Otomo takes
possession of the ball.
- Their strength and
-[grunt]
- determination have improved
- in the second half.
-It's mine!
[ann] Nitta runs ahead
to receive the pass.
Nitta!
-[yelling]
-[ann] It looks like
he'll begin to try
the same shot
one more time.
[gasp]
[ann] No!
He misses once more!
The ball is sent flying
- out of bounds.
-[grunt]
Despite his agility,
he doesn't manage
to gage the timing
- to make the shot
-[panting]
in an effective manner.
It looks like
he's very frustrated.
Team Otomo needs
to do something different
- to tie the match.
-Nitta...
What're you trying?
Nitta is improving.
What?
What're you talking about?
[Katagiri] Compared to
his last attempt,
the error margin
has decreased.
I'm sure that
it won't be long
before he perfects
the shot.
I have to make that shot.
It doesn't matter
how many times I try.
I will make my Falcon Shot
in midair!
I just have to get
that damn pass again!
[ann] And Otomo once again
has control of the ball.
Nitta gets ahead and
Urabe passes him the ball.
Tsubasa follows him,
but cannot
reach him in time.
Nitta is too quick
for him.
[Shun] I will score
this time around.
I will!
[falcon screech]
[ann]
Nitta connects and...
It's out of bounds!
The ball deviates
and grazes the left
corner of Morisaki's goal.
[Tsubasa]
Uh... Nitta...
You really are incredible.
Your precision is getting
better every time.
At this rate,
you'll make the goal.
[Katagiri]
That kid Nitta is a prodigy.
Even at his young age,
and his lack of experience,
he's about to perfect a shot
at a professional
level of difficulty.
I'd dare to say that
his determination...
is comparable to that
of a falcon's.
Although Nankatsu is winning
by a one goal margin,
Otomo has managed to keep
pressuring them
since the second half
started.
Nitta knows perfectly well
that he can't beat Tsubasa
in a one-on-one duel.
And that's because Tsubasa
decided to defend
instead of attacking.
But it won't be long...
before Nitta perfects
his shot.
Only then will he become
a real problem
for Team Nankatsu.
What will you do now,
Tsubasa?
[Kumi] That kid Nitta
is a spoiled brat.
-Huh?
-You should calm down, Kumi.
-Hmm...
-[gasp]
-Yukari, don't tell me,
"calm down, Kumi."
How do you want me
to calm down
when that kid can't be
covered by Tsubasa's speed?
Oh why?!
[chuckle] I think that
it's good for Tsubasa, Kumi.
-It doesn't matter.
-Huh?
No way that's good
for anyone.
Don't you worry.
They'll be all right.
They're Nankatsu, after all.
Huh?
Oh, what a beautiful girl
they've got.
Yeah, you're right.
-[grunt]
-Huh?
I mean, I don't know
what you're talking about.
Uh...
[Kiyoshi]
This match is going nowhere.
Team Otomo doesn't let
Nankatsu attack,
but they're only
counting on Nitta
to counterattack.
Exactly.
If Nitta had a teammate
by his side to help him,
he'd be able to score
with ease.
He's a newbie.
He forgets that soccer is
a team sport after all.
[sips]
-[Kojiro] It's true, guys.
-Huh?
I want you to pay attention.
Soccer isn't a sport
you can play individually.
And now,
I can say that Toho...
has the strongest team
in Japan.
Even if they have Tsubasa...
there's no doubt that,
this year,
we'll be the champions.
Where did he--?
[ann] Nankatsu's captain
abandons his strategy
of covering Nitta and
decides to join the offense.
[Tsubasa]
If I want to avoid Nitta
from perfecting his shot,
I have to prevent him
from getting the ball
from the get go.
He won't be attacking
anytime soon.
[gasp]
Tsubasa!
You won't get through us.
[ann] Tsubasa is
making his way
to the opponent's goal.
-You can do it, Tsubasa!
-Yeah! Come on!
Show them your skill,
Tsubasa!
-Yeah!
-Score a goal!
Here!
[ann] Tsubasa evades
the slide tackles
from Otomo and passes.
Now Taki has possession.
Taki!
You can't fool me.
I know that you're
going to cross pass
from the wing like always.
Well then, you're in for
a big surprise, Takeshi.
-What?
-That's right!
That was good, Taki!
[ann]
And for the first time,
we see Taki advance
to the inside of the field.
[grunt]
It's yours, Kisugi.
Yeah.
It's mine now.
[ann]
Kisugi is running.
Shoot if you can.
[ann] Kisugi winds up
for the shot and...
[yelling]
[grunt]
[ann] And the goalkeeper
stops Kisugi's shot.
-[laugh]
-That was a great block,
Isamu.
-[ann] It was a good
-Yeah!
- attempt by Nankatsu,
-Come on!
- but unfortunately,
-Yeah!
- it didn't go in.
-Good job!
[grunt]
Here!
No.
We couldn't score on them.
[ann] Now that Tsubasa
joined the offense,
Nankatsu's gameplay
has become more formidable.
But now,
it's Otomo's time
to initiate
the counterattack
and they are absolutely
doing that.
-[gasp]
-It's yours, Nitta.
Gage the distance...
and the timing...
with precision.
[grunt]
[ann] Woah, it looks like
this time's the charm.
No!
[falcon screech]
[grunt]
[ann]
Ladies and gents,
- that's a handball.
-[whistle]
Uh...
[ann] Tsuyoshi Oda
from Nankatsu
- gives them a free kick.
-Aww...
But I didn't even
mean to.
-It's your opportunity!
-Yeah! Free goal!
[ann] It seems to be
that Nitta's kick
wasn't 100% accurate
and went straight to
Oda's arm.
Nankatsu's in
grave danger.
It just gave Otomo
a free kick
and Nitta will be
the one to take it.
[Shun]
Perfect.
Now I'll be able
to kick my Falcon Shot
without worries.
[Tsubasa]
I am sure...
that Nitta did it
on purpose.
Don't spread out.
Get closer together.
We have to close any angle
he can shoot from.
Yeah!
The shot is too dangerous
to leave it all up to luck.
Morisaki will defend
the right,
and I will take care of
the left goalpost.
Tsubasa, tell me what if
Nitta tries to pass the ball
instead of shooting?
I don't think so.
His pride will make him
shoot to the goal.
We're counting on you,
Nitta.
Yeah.
[ann] Will Shun Nitta,
from Otomo,
be able to take
advantage of this free kick
and get the tie
for his team?
It's a golden
opportunity for Otomo.
[whistle]
Let's go, guys!
[ann] It looks like
Urabe will be shooting.
-What?
Nitta!
[ann] No! It was only
a feint for Nankatsu.
Take this!
-My Falcon Shot!
-[falcon screech]
[narr] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[narr]
And we're back!
-[falcon screech]
-Take this!
-My Falcon shot!
-[falcon screech]
[grunt]
-[gasps]
-[ann] Oh!
Nitta's shot
goes directly to Masato.
This can't be.
That's what I wanted.
[ann] And now Nankatsu's
barrier has a hole.
No, that was his plan!
Take the shot Nitta!
You have it in the bag!
[gasps]
Now we're talking.
I won't allow you to, Nitta.
Prepare yourselves.
That move is none other...
-Falcon shot!
-[falcon screech]
[grunt]
-[groan]
-[ann] But Tsubasa
- rejects the shot.
-Great, Tsubasa.
This can't be happening.
[ann] Otomo fails
once again.
-[gasps]
-He just copied
Wakashimazu's movements.
-[grunt]
-[Ryo] Good defense,
Captain!
-That kid Tsubasa Ozora
-Yeah!
-is very impressive.
-Good job!
-Incredible.
-Yeah!
-[sigh of relief]
-We will win!
-Oh, he's amazing.
-Yeah!
It's impossible.
He just stopped
my Falcon Shot.
But how?
Nitta's shot was perfect.
Even then, he stopped it.
Good.
It's time to counterattack.
Izawa, the ball's
going to you.
Yes, Captain.
-[gasp]
-[gasp] Everyone,
come back quickly.
[ann]
Now Nankatsu's captain
is switching to offense.
[Takeshi]
Nakao, Hiraoka,
don't let him
shoot the ball,
-you got that?
-[grunt]
[grunts]
How naïve.
No one jumps higher
than I do.
Tsubasa.
[ann] Izawa passes it
to Tsubasa.
Good pass, Izawa.
[ann]
Nankatsu's captain
is getting closer
to the goal.
Okay, here I come.
[ann] Nankatsu's captain
makes the counterattack
to make another goal
and secure their victory.
Everyone, to the goal.
-Go! Come on!
-You can do it, Tsubasa!
Show them who you are.
Go on!
If they score again,
we won't be able to
come back.
I have to get the ball back.
It's just...
Tsubasa is the one
who has it,
but Nitta has no one
covering him.
If I manage to steal it,
we'll have a excellent
opportunity.
You can do it, Captain.
We have to get the ball
from Tsubasa no matter what.
-Yeah.
[ann] Tsubasa approaches
at great speed.
And Otomo's quartet
comes together
in front of
their goalkeeper.
[Tsubasa]
I'm gonna score.
You can do it.
Here I go.
I won't allow you
to get through us, Tsubasa.
[ann] Tsubasa performs
a beautiful lob.
What?
[ann] Takeshi Nishida
doesn't stand a chance.
Don't you worry, everyone.
I'll be the one to stop him.
[grunt]
[ann] And Nishio
gets fooled the same way.
You'll never get through me.
[ann]
Will Tsubasa fool him
just like the others?
You won't be able to
fool me.
Impossible.
[ann]
How beautiful.
Tsubasa is able to
pass Otomo's defense
as if this was
Chinese checkers.
[Kojiro]
I expected no less from you.
You've improved quite a bit.
Now it's just you and me.
[ann]
This will end up being
- a clash of the captains.
-[growling]
Go, Captain!
[yell]
[grunt]
[ann] The impact
from both players
sends the ball flying
into the air.
We're living
the best moment
of this very match.
Yeah!
-[grunt]
-[growl]
[ann] Team Otomo
tries to catch up to him.
[yelling]
No, you won't get to!
[Masao]
We won't let you...
[Takeshi] ...recover
the ball once again.
[Koji] If Tsubasa scores
right now, we'll lose.
-[yelling]
-[ann] The three
slide tackle to stop him,
and they're able to
graze his shot
at the last
possible moment.
-Isamu!
-[gasp]
Stop him!
[yelling]
[ann] And Otomo's
goalkeeper stops it
- with a beautiful leap.
-[gasp]
-He really did it.
-[laugh]
Ichijyo, great job, man.
[Katagiri] It wasn't
a good shot for him.
Tsubasa barely got to
touch the ball.
The defense got there
a fraction of a second
early.
That affected the power
as well as the trajectory
of the ball.
It looks like Otomo
is stronger than I thought
after all.
I was wrong to underestimate
Otomo Middle School.
They stopped a goal
from Tsubasa.
Oh, but why?
I think it was just
bad luck, that's all.
Urabe and the rest
-have gotten better.
-Huh?
-It doesn't matter.
We're still winning
by a goal, guys.
Don't count your eggs
before they hatch.
Anything can happen
before the match ends.
It's our opportunity.
Pass me the ball, Isamu.
-Yeah.
-[gasp]
[grunt]
Go back, everyone.
[ann] The goalie passes
the ball to his captain.
Nitta!
[ann]
Urabe receives it,
and passes it to Nitta,
who's not being covered.
This is a once in
a lifetime opportunity.
Can he complete the shot?
Tsubasa's running back
to defend.
-Do it, Nitta.
-You have the advantage.
He won't be able to
catch up.
The only ones left
are the defense.
This time,
I can't fail the team.
Everyone did their best to
give me this opportunity.
The opportunity to defeat
Tsubasa Ozora.
And I won't let them down.
Nitta!
-No!
-[gasps]
My turn.
This is the "Non-Trap
Running Volley Falcon Shot."
See If you can stop it.
[ann] And there it is!
Goal!
- Otomo's number 9 manages
-[gasp]
- to complete his shot
-Uhh...
and goalkeeper
couldn't even react.
Impossible!
Uhh...
Oh! He finally did it.
No, it's not true.
This can't happen.
[gasp]
I-I did it.
I really did it.
We tied the match.
I finally kicked my Non-Trap
Running Volley Falcon Shot.
That was incredible, Nitta!
-[laughs]
-Nice, Nitta! Great job!
[ann] Finally, Otomo
gets to tie the scoreboard
with ten minutes left
on the clock
before the match ends.
-That's right, that's right!
-Otomo!
You're amazing, Nitta!
We tied the match
thanks to you.
Now we're on.
-If we score another goal,
-[laugh]
we won't have to worry
about Tsubasa.
Let's go for another goal,
team.
[ann] Now that Otomo
managed to tie the match,
Otomo has a higher
probability
to turn
this match around.
[Tsubasa]
Nitta...
You really are incredible.
-Look at them.
-Huh?
They're celebrating
as if they already won.
The match isn't over
until it's over.
Exactly. We'll fight
for this win until the end.
Yeah. We won't let them
take away our chance to be
three time champions
of the national tournament.
Tsubasa, now it's time
to counterattack.
[chuckle]
My friends...
Great,
it's about time for us
to play this match
seriously.
Ready, Nankatsu?
-Yeah!
Team Nankatsu is the best.
Otomo won't be able to
defeat us that easily.
Am I right?
Right, Sanae?
That's right.
And now what will you do,
Tsubasa?
Nitta already perfected
his Falcon Shot.
It's your turn.
[Tsubasa] This will be
the final battle, Nitta.
I won't leave anything
up to chance.
It doesn't matter
what happens.
Don't lose
your concentration, kids.
[ann]
And it's Nankatsu
who will start
the match again.
Let's go for that goal,
-Kisugi.
-Yeah.
[whistle]
-Here.
-[grunt]
Look alive, everyone.
We have to score
whatever the cost.
-Yes, Captain!
Keep on going
and don't forget that
offense is
the best defense.
We have to steal the ball
from them
and pass it to Nitta, okay?
Remember, this is
our last opportunity.
-Yeah!
Izawa!
Kisugi, Taki...
I want all of you
to run to the goal.
We'll show
Otomo Middle School
who Nankatsu really is.
[ann] Tsubasa joins
his team
and passes to Izawa.
Izawa passes to Kisugi.
Kisugi receives it
and passes to Taki.
It's raining passes.
Damn it all.
It'll be harder to take
the ball from them that way.
Perfect. Urabe and the rest
are confused.
Then let's take advantage
of it.
[growl]
Let's see how you like this!
What was that?
[ann]
Taki fools him
and feints the pass
to Izawa.
When he really passed it
to his captain.
[reac]
[ann] Tsubasa passed it
to Kisugi with ease,
and now he's
running quickly
to the half crescent
outside the danger zone.
It's a clear
scoring opportunity.
[grunt]
[ann] Kisugi passes
the ball back to Tsubasa.
The captain gets ready
to shoot.
This can't be happening.
It doesn't matter
if I have to play
in the midfield.
I'm not only the captain...
I'm the scorer of the team.
My responsibility is
to bring them to victory
so we can go to
the national tournament.
Come on!
Shoot it!
[yell]
[grunt]
-[ann] What a goal!
-Uhh...
That shot was
so powerful
that the goalkeeper
- didn't see it coming.
-[growl]
I did it.
[ann] Nankatsu gets
the lead once more.
Awesome!
I knew you could do it.
Hurray!
Oh?
Huh?
What's gotten into you?
Oh...
[chuckle]
Sorry, girls,
I think I got too excited.
-Hooray! Hooray!
-Win the match!
[ann] This time, Otomo
received their punishment
from Nankatsu's captain.
Tsubasa Ozora is now
playing as a midfielder
instead of
center forward.
He has fewer
opportunities to make shots,
but his goal average
is extremely high
and reaches 87%
in this tournament.
He is scoring with
power, precision
and endurance
that only a star player
like himself can achieve.
It looks like
he's set on
getting his team to
the national tournament
to get the third
consecutive championship.
Listen to me...
Do not get cocky.
We'll secure our victory.
Let's make another goal.
Let's do it, Nankatsu.
-Let's do it!